CAPTION EVALUATION SUMMARY FOR video-IKs5-pkF4qE
================================================================================

Number of clusters evaluated: 21
Average semantic similarity: 0.2488

DETAILED RESULTS BY CLUSTER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cluster 0:
  Similarity: 0.3216
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting at a desk in an office; also a woman sitting at a desk with a computer; also a woman sitting in a chair in an office
  Ground Truth:  Two separate images on the left hand side  involve communities of individuals separated by a hot image, indicating the respect and understanding individuals have within society towards each other.  Based  video on screen of the lucy full keyboard.  A small metal laser on the side of the demonstrators glasses pointed towards the screen.

Cluster 1:
  Similarity: 0.3182
  Generated: This cluster shows a pair of glasses with a red ball on the lens; also a pair of glasses with a red button on the side; also a pair of glasses with a red button
  Ground Truth:  Two separate images on the left hand side  involve communities of individuals separated by a hot image, indicating the respect and understanding individuals have within society towards each other.  Based  video on screen of the lucy full keyboard.

Cluster 10:
  Similarity: 0.1972
  Generated: This cluster shows the front and back of a black smartphone with a yellow background; also the front and back of a black smartphone with a yellow background; also the front and back of a black smartphone with a yellow background
  Ground Truth:  beginning with the computer. This leads the three boxes sectioning each opportunity as said in speech.  The flowchart ends with a globe symbolizing global awareness.

Cluster 11:
  Similarity: 0.0629
  Generated: This cluster shows the cover of the book, the future of the internet; also the cover of the report on the global health and health sector; also the cover of the report on the global health and health market
  Ground Truth:  A small metal laser on the side of the demonstrators glasses pointed towards the screen.  It produces characters which can now be seen on a computer or laptop.

Cluster 12:
  Similarity: 0.6105
  Generated: This cluster shows a phone with the text isetv on it; also a smartphone with the text isetv on it; also the text is on the phone screen, and the text is on the phone screen
  Ground Truth:  Text is written on the phone background describing each point being said,

Cluster 13:
  Similarity: 0.3215
  Generated: This cluster shows a phone with the text, ' how to use the mobile app? '; also a phone with the text, how to use the mobile app?; also isetv com - isetv com - isetv com - isetv com - isetv com - isetv com - isetv com
  Ground Truth:  The flowchart ends with a globe symbolizing global awareness.  The background image on the screen is a large mobile phone.

Cluster 16:
  Similarity: 0.1034
  Generated: This cluster shows a4 ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled; also a4 ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled; also a4 ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled
  Ground Truth:  Bold text in title, disability, inclusiveness.  Two images on the screen,  a group of people with injuries restricting their physical abilities. A separated from another group of fully mobile individuals.  Bold text used for the title, upper limb disabilities.  On the screen is a flow chart with four steps  outlining the problem,  partly for solution and impact on individual.

Cluster 17:
  Similarity: 0.3555
  Generated: This cluster shows a poster with a drawing of people on it; also disability and disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability; also disability and disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability
  Ground Truth:  Bold text in title, disability, inclusiveness.

Cluster 18:
  Similarity: 0.0715
  Generated: This cluster shows disability and disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability; also disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability
  Ground Truth:  Two images on the screen,

Cluster 2:
  Similarity: 0.4451
  Generated: This cluster shows a girl standing behind a note with the words ' i ' m '; also a woman standing in front of a whiteboard with the words for example; also a poster with a woman and a man in the middle school
  Ground Truth:  Title in bold text, for example,  as well as a photo of a lady with my face on it outlining that this is me.  A speech bubble extends off the word parkinson disease.  This outlines what the disease is,  A photo of a keyboard is crossed out

Cluster 23:
  Similarity: 0.0849
  Generated: This cluster shows a piece of paper with the words, ' the best way to write '; also a piece of paper with the words, ' the best way to write '; also a piece of paper with the words, ' up to the limities '
  Ground Truth:  a group of people with injuries restricting their physical abilities. A separated from another group of fully mobile individuals.

Cluster 24:
  Similarity: 0.0540
  Generated: This cluster shows the cover of the book, the social media guide for the social media; also the cover of the book, the social media guide for the social media; also the cover of the book, the social media guide for the social media
  Ground Truth:  partly for solution and impact on individual.

Cluster 25:
  Similarity: 0.1226
  Generated: This cluster shows the cover of the book, the power of the mind; also the cover of the book, the power of the web; also the cover of the book, the life cycle
  Ground Truth:  a group of people with injuries restricting their physical abilities. A separated from another group of fully mobile individuals.  Bold text used for the title, upper limb disabilities.

Cluster 26:
  Similarity: 0.2239
  Generated: This cluster shows a person standing in front of a paper with the words ' up the limits '; also a poster with the words, ' the world is not enough '; also a poster with the words, ' the world is not enough '
  Ground Truth:  On the screen is a flow chart with four steps  outlining the problem,

Cluster 3:
  Similarity: 0.2889
  Generated: This cluster shows a bro cover for a bro bro on a computer; also a poster advertising a computer and a keyboard; also a poster advertising a computer and a keyboard
  Ground Truth:  first the laser second, both computer screens and the final two images are close up of the lucy for adapted screen  the background of the scene is a study room setting.  Bold text is used for the title importance.  On the screen is five images of previous adaptive keyboards used by individuals with upper limb disabilities.

Cluster 4:
  Similarity: 0.2354
  Generated: This cluster shows a poster with a bunch of different types of computers; also a poster with a picture of people and a computer; also a poster with a bunch of different items
  Ground Truth:  first the laser second, both computer screens and the final two images are close up of the lucy for adapted screen  and how the laser is used to produce characters.  On the screen is five images of previous adaptive keyboards used by individuals with upper limb disabilities.  Two images are placed on the screen,  a group of people with disabilities and another without

Cluster 5:
  Similarity: 0.1883
  Generated: This cluster shows a white and gray poster with the words, ' the best of the best '; also a white and black poster with the words, ' importance '; also a white poster with a black and white image of a couch
  Ground Truth:  Four separate images of the lucy for keyboard, a scene on the screen  What  the background of the scene is a study room setting.

Cluster 6:
  Similarity: 0.3059
  Generated: This cluster shows a cartoon character with a speech bubble saying, ' i ' m '; also a cartoon character with a speech bubble saying, ' i ' m '; also a screenshot of a cartoon character with a blue background
  Ground Truth:  a disorder of the central nervous system.  A photo of a keyboard is crossed out  as well as the face of an upset individual.  Background, sane involves a cartoon car driving along the Top of the screen.

Cluster 7:
  Similarity: 0.2243
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman standing on top of a hill with the words, ' the world is yours '; also a woman standing on top of a hill with the words, ' the world is yours '; also a woman standing on top of a hill with the words, ' the world is yours '
  Ground Truth:  Background, sane involves a cartoon car driving along the Top of the screen.  Image of a rotating globe.  Above the globe is an arrow attached to my character

Cluster 8:
  Similarity: 0.3384
  Generated: This cluster shows a diagram showing the different types of the internet; also a diagram showing the steps to the steps of a website; also a diagram showing the different types of the internet
  Ground Truth:  symbolizing the individuals interaction within the world.  Across is being made along the image showing the barrier between inclusiveness in society towards people with disabilities.  A flowchart is being used  beginning with the computer. This leads the three boxes sectioning each opportunity as said in speech.

Cluster 9:
  Similarity: 0.3497
  Generated: This cluster shows a blue background with a white background and a white background with a white border; also a blue background with a white border and a white border; also a logo for a company that is using the word ' pwt '
  Ground Truth:  symbolizing the individuals interaction within the world.  Across is being made along the image showing the barrier between inclusiveness in society towards people with disabilities.  A flowchart is being used  beginning with the computer. This leads the three boxes sectioning each opportunity as said in speech.  The flowchart ends with a globe symbolizing global awareness.  The background image on the screen is a large mobile phone.  Text is written on the phone background describing each point being said,  Two separate images on the left hand side  involve communities of individuals separated by a hot image, indicating the respect and understanding individuals have within society towards each other.  Based  video on screen of the lucy full keyboard.  A small metal laser on the side of the demonstrators glasses pointed towards the screen.  It produces characters which can now be seen on a computer or laptop.  Four separate images of the lucy for keyboard, a scene on the screen  first the laser second, both computer screens and the final two images are close up of the lucy for adapted screen  and how the laser is used to produce characters.  What  the background of the scene is a study room setting.  Bold text is used for the title importance.  On the screen is five images of previous adaptive keyboards used by individuals with upper limb disabilities.  Two images are placed on the screen,  a group of people with disabilities and another without  these are separated by across.

