CAPTION EVALUATION SUMMARY FOR video-JZIerGNMtnk
================================================================================

Number of clusters evaluated: 13
Average semantic similarity: 0.1095

DETAILED RESULTS BY CLUSTER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cluster 0:
  Similarity: 0.2096
  Generated: This cluster shows a bottle of milk sitting on top of a table; also a woman standing in front of a counter
  Ground Truth:  A customer who appears to be a sweet older lady east drops when the employee tells norah where the last hickory honey ham might be.  There is one ham left,  nora and the older lady raised to get to it.  Both ladies are smiling at first until they realized this is a competition, and both of them put their game faces on.  They are running down the aisle. When the older lady nudges nora with her cart.  The ladies shopping cart pushes nora onto another shopping cart, where she then rolls into a display, knocking everything over.  With nora amongst the mess. The older lady grabbed the last ham.

Cluster 1:
  Similarity: 0.0547
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting on the ground in a red jacket; also a woman in a red coat is dancing
  Ground Truth:  The ham rolls into the street with a large truck coming towards it, nor reaches for the hand, but then realizes she will get hit by the truck if she does.  Nor a flail her body back while the ham gets crushed by the truck,

Cluster 10:
  Similarity: 0.2203
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman in a red jacket standing in front of a store; also a woman in a red jacket standing in a store
  Ground Truth:  A customer who appears to be a sweet older lady east drops when the employee tells norah where the last hickory honey ham might be.  nora and the older lady raised to get to it.

Cluster 11:
  Similarity: 0.0256
  Generated: This cluster shows a group of people standing around a table; also a group of people standing around a table; also a group of people standing around a table
  Ground Truth:  Nora's negotiating with the young man who we see looking worried li over to his wife who was holding their child and shaking her head. No.  Nor notices that he's taking orders from the woman behind her.  So she turns around and then starts to negotiate with her.

Cluster 12:
  Similarity: 0.0317
  Generated: This cluster shows a group of people standing around a store; also a group of people standing around a table; also a group of people standing around a store
  Ground Truth:  Nor as being very aggressive, and even pulls the ham out of the cashiers arms so she can negotiate with the couple who is buying it.  Nora's negotiating with the young man who we see looking worried li over to his wife who was holding their child and shaking her head. No.

Cluster 2:
  Similarity: -0.0378
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman in a red dress is walking down the street; also a man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench; also a woman in a red jacket is laying on the ground
  Ground Truth:  nor his face is full of defeat.

Cluster 3:
  Similarity: 0.0685
  Generated: This cluster shows a table with a bunch of boxes on it; also a man is standing in front of a counter; also a group of people standing around a store
  Ground Truth:  With nora amongst the mess. The older lady grabbed the last ham.  Nora looking defeated, prepares to leave the supermarket when she sees another customer buying a hickory honey ham.

Cluster 4:
  Similarity: 0.2148
  Generated: This cluster shows a car is parked on the street in the dark; also a car is parked on the side of the road; also a black car is parked on the street
  Ground Truth:  She almost gets hit by a car in a parking lot. And then she gets nudged by another couple.  The bag breaks and the ham falls out, rolling across the parking lot  with nora chasing behind it.

Cluster 5:
  Similarity: 0.1415
  Generated: This cluster shows a car is parked in front of a restaurant; also a woman walking in the rain next to a car; also a woman in a red coat is walking down the street
  Ground Truth:  Nor a crank pulls into the parking lot of the supermarket and quickly gets out of her car and rushes into the supermarket.  As she hurried through the store, she taps a worker on the shoulder.  A customer who appears to be a sweet older lady east drops when the employee tells norah where the last hickory honey ham might be.  There is one ham left,  nora and the older lady raised to get to it.  Both ladies are smiling at first until they realized this is a competition, and both of them put their game faces on.  They are running down the aisle. When the older lady nudges nora with her cart.  The ladies shopping cart pushes nora onto another shopping cart, where she then rolls into a display, knocking everything over.  With nora amongst the mess. The older lady grabbed the last ham.  Nora looking defeated, prepares to leave the supermarket when she sees another customer buying a hickory honey ham.  Nor as being very aggressive, and even pulls the ham out of the cashiers arms so she can negotiate with the couple who is buying it.  Nora's negotiating with the young man who we see looking worried li over to his wife who was holding their child and shaking her head. No.  Nor notices that he's taking orders from the woman behind her.  So she turns around and then starts to negotiate with her.  Nor is now walking out of the supermarket swinging her ham happily.

Cluster 6:
  Similarity: 0.0367
  Generated: This cluster shows a car driving down a street with a sign on the back; also a red car driving down a street next to a building; also a white car is parked in a parking lot
  Ground Truth:  Nor a crank pulls into the parking lot of the supermarket and quickly gets out of her car and rushes into the supermarket.  As she hurried through the store, she taps a worker on the shoulder.  A customer who appears to be a sweet older lady east drops when the employee tells norah where the last hickory honey ham might be.  There is one ham left,  nora and the older lady raised to get to it.  Both ladies are smiling at first until they realized this is a competition, and both of them put their game faces on.  They are running down the aisle. When the older lady nudges nora with her cart.  The ladies shopping cart pushes nora onto another shopping cart, where she then rolls into a display, knocking everything over.  With nora amongst the mess. The older lady grabbed the last ham.  Nora looking defeated, prepares to leave the supermarket when she sees another customer buying a hickory honey ham.  Nor as being very aggressive, and even pulls the ham out of the cashiers arms so she can negotiate with the couple who is buying it.  Nora's negotiating with the young man who we see looking worried li over to his wife who was holding their child and shaking her head. No.  Nor notices that he's taking orders from the woman behind her.  So she turns around and then starts to negotiate with her.  Nor is now walking out of the supermarket swinging her ham happily.

Cluster 7:
  Similarity: 0.0031
  Generated: This cluster shows a store with shelves filled with various items; also a man walking down a aisle in a store; also a man and woman walking down a store aisle
  Ground Truth:  Both ladies are smiling at first until they realized this is a competition, and both of them put their game faces on.

Cluster 8:
  Similarity: 0.1778
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman in a red shirt is holding a child; also a woman in a red jacket is talking to another woman; also a woman and two children in a room
  Ground Truth:  Nora looking defeated, prepares to leave the supermarket when she sees another customer buying a hickory honey ham.  Nor as being very aggressive, and even pulls the ham out of the cashiers arms so she can negotiate with the couple who is buying it.  Nora's negotiating with the young man who we see looking worried li over to his wife who was holding their child and shaking her head. No.  Nor notices that he's taking orders from the woman behind her.

Cluster 9:
  Similarity: 0.2766
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman in a red jacket standing in front of a pharmacy; also a man and woman in a store talking; also a group of people standing around a store
  Ground Truth:  Nor a crank pulls into the parking lot of the supermarket and quickly gets out of her car and rushes into the supermarket.  As she hurried through the store, she taps a worker on the shoulder.  A customer who appears to be a sweet older lady east drops when the employee tells norah where the last hickory honey ham might be.

