CAPTION EVALUATION SUMMARY FOR video-KsEOupmYmF0
================================================================================

Number of clusters evaluated: 17
Average semantic similarity: 0.3174

DETAILED RESULTS BY CLUSTER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cluster 0:
  Similarity: 0.1913
  Generated: This cluster shows a girl is sitting on the steps and holding a plate of food; also a girl sitting on the steps; also a little girl sitting on the steps
  Ground Truth:  Olivia holds the box of olives and hesitantly picks one up with her fingers and eats it.  She makes a sour face.

Cluster 1:
  Similarity: 0.5034
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting on the steps of a building; also a little girl sitting on the steps; also a young girl sitting on the steps of a building
  Ground Truth:  The camera shifts to her perspective.  Another child, like woman, appears on the steps wearing a pink tank Top over a blue t shirt.

Cluster 10:
  Similarity: 0.3289
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman eating an apple; also a woman eating an apple; also a woman eating a piece of food on a sidewalk
  Ground Truth:  She eats olives off of her fingers as she speaks.

Cluster 11:
  Similarity: 0.1449
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman with long brown hair; also a woman with long hair and a black shirt; also a woman with long brown hair and a black shirt
  Ground Truth:  It zooms further and focuses on her mouth. She puts a green olive in her mouth with a fork and smiles as she choose.

Cluster 12:
  Similarity: 0.2014
  Generated: This cluster shows a young boy is standing on the steps; also a young girl is standing on the steps; also a woman in a blue shirt and black pants
  Ground Truth:  She sits on the stairs of a townhouse, smiling.  She awkwardly grabs the camera from the camera person smiling.

Cluster 13:
  Similarity: 0.1836
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman walking down the stairs with a backpack; also a woman sitting on the steps of a house; also a woman standing on the steps of a building
  Ground Truth:  She has short black hair and is scratching her face as she looks around awkwardly.  The first woman looks down to the second as she speaks.

Cluster 14:
  Similarity: 0.4913
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting on a bench in a park; also a woman sitting on a bench eating food; also a woman sitting on a bench eating food
  Ground Truth:  The video transitions, the same woman sits on a park bench and continues eating olives. Her expression is disillusioned.  It is daytime. The camera zooms in on her face while she looks around.

Cluster 16:
  Similarity: 0.2447
  Generated: This cluster shows a black and white photo of a man in a suit; also a black background with a white and red flower; also a black background with a white and red flower
  Ground Truth:  A black screen with white text in the center that reads all of lady part one, a transition to another that reads dedicated a mayan over 1998 dash.  A woman with long, wavy brown hair and a rose colored Tshirt eats green and purple olives out of a paper to go box. She is sitting in a communal dining area.  The video transitions, the same woman sits on a park bench and continues eating olives. Her expression is disillusioned.  It is daytime. The camera zooms in on her face while she looks around.  It zooms further and focuses on her mouth. She puts a green olive in her mouth with a fork and smiles as she choose.  Transition to a townhouse. The woman walks in front of the house. She comes in on the left of the frame and walks out on the race. She continues eating.  The camera focuses on the olives. The woman struggles to get the olives on her fork. She continues to eat more olives. As the camera pans out to capture her face and torso, she looks at the olives.  She is in front of an iron fence on a city street. She raises her hand and move her hair out of her face. She has olives on each of her five fingers.  She eats olives off of her fingers as she speaks.  She sits on the stairs of a townhouse, smiling.  She awkwardly grabs the camera from the camera person smiling.  The camera shifts to her perspective.  Another child, like woman, appears on the steps wearing a pink tank Top over a blue t shirt.  She has short black hair and is scratching her face as she looks around awkwardly.  The first woman looks down to the second as she speaks.  Olivia holds the box of olives and hesitantly picks one up with her fingers and eats it.  She makes a sour face.  The credits roll starring John a Hamilton as olive lady, my oppression, taz, olivia

Cluster 17:
  Similarity: 0.4856
  Generated: This cluster shows the title for the video, ' olive lady part 1 '; also string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string string; also the cover of the book, myak is elected
  Ground Truth:  A black screen with white text in the center that reads all of lady part one, a transition to another that reads dedicated a mayan over 1998 dash.  A woman with long, wavy brown hair and a rose colored Tshirt eats green and purple olives out of a paper to go box. She is sitting in a communal dining area.  The video transitions, the same woman sits on a park bench and continues eating olives. Her expression is disillusioned.  It is daytime. The camera zooms in on her face while she looks around.  It zooms further and focuses on her mouth. She puts a green olive in her mouth with a fork and smiles as she choose.  Transition to a townhouse. The woman walks in front of the house. She comes in on the left of the frame and walks out on the race. She continues eating.  The camera focuses on the olives. The woman struggles to get the olives on her fork. She continues to eat more olives. As the camera pans out to capture her face and torso, she looks at the olives.  She is in front of an iron fence on a city street. She raises her hand and move her hair out of her face. She has olives on each of her five fingers.  She eats olives off of her fingers as she speaks.  She sits on the stairs of a townhouse, smiling.  She awkwardly grabs the camera from the camera person smiling.  The camera shifts to her perspective.  Another child, like woman, appears on the steps wearing a pink tank Top over a blue t shirt.  She has short black hair and is scratching her face as she looks around awkwardly.  The first woman looks down to the second as she speaks.  Olivia holds the box of olives and hesitantly picks one up with her fingers and eats it.  She makes a sour face.

Cluster 2:
  Similarity: 0.3283
  Generated: This cluster shows a man is walking down the stairs in a city; also a woman walking down the street in front of a house; also a building with a gate and some plants
  Ground Truth:  Transition to a townhouse. The woman walks in front of the house. She comes in on the left of the frame and walks out on the race. She continues eating.

Cluster 3:
  Similarity: 0.5234
  Generated: This cluster shows a person holding a tray of olives; also a person holding a tray of olives; also a woman is eating a meal of olives
  Ground Truth:  The camera focuses on the olives. The woman struggles to get the olives on her fork. She continues to eat more olives. As the camera pans out to capture her face and torso, she looks at the olives.

Cluster 4:
  Similarity: 0.5208
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting at a table eating food; also a woman sitting at a table eating food; also a woman sitting at a table eating food
  Ground Truth:  A woman with long, wavy brown hair and a rose colored Tshirt eats green and purple olives out of a paper to go box. She is sitting in a communal dining area.

Cluster 5:
  Similarity: 0.2797
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman is eating something; also a woman in a blue dress and black boots; also a woman in a blue dress
  Ground Truth:  The camera focuses on the olives. The woman struggles to get the olives on her fork. She continues to eat more olives. As the camera pans out to capture her face and torso, she looks at the olives.

Cluster 6:
  Similarity: 0.1855
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman in a blue shirt is walking down the street; also a woman holding a yellow umbrella; also a woman in a blue shirt and black pants
  Ground Truth:  She is in front of an iron fence on a city street. She raises her hand and move her hair out of her face. She has olives on each of her five fingers.

Cluster 7:
  Similarity: 0.2978
  Generated: This cluster shows a young girl standing on a sidewalk with a cell; also a woman standing in front of a fence; also a woman in a blue dress standing in front of a fence
  Ground Truth:  She is in front of an iron fence on a city street. She raises her hand and move her hair out of her face. She has olives on each of her five fingers.

Cluster 8:
  Similarity: 0.4660
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman sitting on a bench in a park; also a woman sitting on a bench in a park; also a woman sitting on a bench in a park
  Ground Truth:  The video transitions, the same woman sits on a park bench and continues eating olives. Her expression is disillusioned.

Cluster 9:
  Similarity: 0.0190
  Generated: This cluster shows a woman standing in front of a fence; also a woman in a black dress is standing on a sidewalk; also a woman standing in front of a fence
  Ground Truth:  She eats olives off of her fingers as she speaks.

